Enabling advanced_filtering_on_arrays_enabled (#12609)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/eventgrid_event_subscription.html.markdown

* `labels` - (Optional) A list of labels to assign to the event subscription.

> * `advanced_filtering_on_arrays_enabled` - (Optional) Boolean flag  to allows advanced filters to be evaluated against an array of values instead of expecting a singular value. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `advanced_filtering_on_arrays_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether advanced filters should be evaluated against an array of values instead of expecting a singular value. Defaults to `false`.
```
